hey everyone this is Nick Murphy from
the quarter bin and today we're doing a
frame by frame and the latest trailer
for the Harry Potter and the Deathly
Hallows part-2
now that should go without saying but
super spoiler alert we're gonna be
speculating a lot and a lot of what
we're drawing from is information from
the book so if you haven't read the
books and you're waiting to see the
movie you should probably stop watching
now but for those of us that are still
with us let's go again spoiler alert
this appears to be Snape in one of his
own memories which will play a huge part
in the Deathly Hallows part-2 here we
see him visiting Godric's Hollow the
night Lord Voldemort murdered Lily and
James
Harry's parents here we see the
ravenclaw diadem one of the last Horcrux
that Harry finds on his journey you can
see part of the Ravenclaw motto on it
wit beyond measure is man's greatest
treasure this happened so quickly you
almost miss it but this is one of
Snape's memories of a young lily and
petunia when lily is first discovering
her magic this is a huge part of Snape's
backstory it looks like Tom myrtles
destroyed diary which we now know was a
Horcrux it was destroyed in Harry Potter
in the Chamber of Secrets this is
probably also a pensive memory of
Snape's this could be baltimore waking
up after being briefly knocked out
during his battle with harry potter
we see shell cottage in the background
bill and fleurs home and the place where
Dobby is buried this is where we last
saw Harry Ron and Hermione so this is
probably where part two will pick up
the voice-over heard here is actually
the announcement Baltimore makes
near the end of the story when he asked
Harry to surrender himself to save the
rest of Hogwarts it's hard to tell who
this is but it looks like a werewolf so
we can assume it's Fenrir Greyback being
sent out a window by a spell during the
Battle of Hogwarts
here we see Malfoy Manor where Harry and
his friends escape at the end of Deathly
Hallows Part 1 it looks like Draco in
the background and presumably Baltimore
killed everyone else for wasting his
time however might also be safe to say
this could be in green Gus this is
definitely during the Gringotts break in
during this heist marks the first time
the Harry Potter's is an unforgivable
curse the Imperius curse Hermione has
taken Polyjuice potion and appears to be
Bellatrix Lestrange while trying to
escape Green that's Harry and his
friends release a dragon from one of the
lower vaults and it appears he's now
destroying the bank sucks for them this
is a continuation of the first scene in
the trailer with Snape standing in front
of the Potter's home the Knights at
Hogwarts are coming alive to defend the
school during the climactic battle here
we see Baltimore and his loyal Death
Eaters in the forest outside Hogwarts
waiting for Harry Potter to surrender
himself
Kingsley Shacklebolt deflecting a curse
during the Battle of Hogwarts you can
also see Neville Longbottom in the
background looks like he's seen some
action
Narcissa Malfoy Draco's mother who has a
crisis of conscience and a bit of a
character redemption near the end of
Deathly Hollows that could be pursued on
the broom leading more troops to fight
to defend Hogwarts
Baltimore's snake Nagini which we find
to be a Horcrux
Hermione is pushing Ron back immediately
after the explosion that causes Fred's
death here that dragon is making his
escape again we see the Weasley family
mourning the death of Fred here this
could be right after Harry comes back
from being dead we can see Valda Morton
Bellatrix here as well as Nagini on the
ground since Nagini isn't protected this
could be immediately after Valda more
believes he has killed Harry Potter our
first shot of Ginny Weasley
Harry appears to be holding the
Hufflepuff Cup the Horcrux that he broke
into Gringotts to steal it still looks
like they're in Bellatrix's vault here
new parents in order of the Phoenix
members Lupin and Tonks in the Battle of
Hogwarts we can see the protective
spells around Hogwarts either going up
or going down the scene wasn't in the
book so obviously the film will be
taking some liberties of the final
confrontation between Harry and
Voldemort you see some Death Eaters
rushing from the forest of the school
probably right after Harry supposed
death at the hand of Baltimore Snape is
making history as the first headmaster
of Hogwarts to flee his post this is
shortly after the rest of the
professor's revolt and decided to take
back to school crabs deadly fiend fire
in the Room of Requirement which is
where they find the diadem of Ravenclaw
the actor who plays vincent crabbe won't
be in the new film so it makes us wonder
if Coyle will be the one who caspian
fire Death Eaters operating all around
Hogwarts we also see some trolls
attacking the students of Hogwarts Harry
tries to fight off the fiend fire with a
water spell but it's not working very
well with the turning tide of battle
Snatchers and maybe Death Eaters are
being decimated mrs. Weasley in a duel
to the death with Bellatrix Lestrange
as we previously speculated it appears
in the final battle between harry and
voldemort was moved from the Great Hall
where it took place in the book -
outside on the destroyed Hogwarts
grounds this could be the beginning of
the celebration by the Death Eaters
because they believed Harry Potter is
dead another look at Ginny behind her
Neville Longbottom appears to be holding
the sorting hat well that about wraps it
up for this frame-by-frame be sure to
check out the quarter been calm for more
frame-by-frame and other original videos